Hahahaha
I'm on my knees begging you
Haha, you are dreaming, haha.
Ouch oops
Hahaha, am I right?
Ouch what did you do to me
I'm not touching you.
I just count
Your liver disease will attack
Liver disease is usually painless
It hurts like hell.
Since you can see my illness
You can definitely save me, right?
Save you, Ye Jiazu, the earth qi will be given to you.
Maybe.
I will think of a way to save you.
Ouch save me save me
Save you can
What if you bully me and my sister-in-law again in the future?
No, no.
I will never provoke them again
Ok so angry
Really unpleasant
Zhao Xueliang
This time I'll teach you a lesson
If I can cure you, I can make you prosperous again
Remember what you said today
If again
Never let me